Agent: Hi, you've called Swish Bank, how may I help you?

Customer: I'm a customer of your bank and I have some errors on my account details.

Agent: What type of errors?

Customer: Well my name is spelt incorrectly for a start, it's spelt c-l-a-r-k-e-s-o-n, it shouldn't have an e. Also my address is wrong, it shows my old address and only reached me because of a redirect.

Agent: I can fix that for you, could I have your customer identification number.

Customer: 32948322

Agent: Your customer pin number..

Customer: Um, don't remember, I hardly ever use it.

Agent: That's fine, I am just going to have ask some security questions to verify you are the account holder. Date of birth?

Customer: 1/1/1975

Agent: Favourite chess opening..

Customer: Sicilian

Agent: Most disturbing childhood memory..

Customer: Almost drowning in a pond after going in to fetch a ball after Billy called me a chicken because I wouldn't go in because I couldn't swim.

Agent: That's not showing up on my system..

Customer: Spending a weekend at Neverland Ranch.

Agent: Okay, now let's go ahead and fix your details. Would you like to change the most disturbing childhood memory on our records?

Customer: No, come to think of it the duck pond was a walk in the park after Neverland.

Agent: What is your new address?

Customer: 12 SeaWhack Ave Crichfield

Agent: I'm sorry sir, that's not coming up as a valid address.

Customer: It's a new residential area..

Agent: I'm sorry sir, it's not validating.

Customer: We only finished building about..

Agent: It's bank policy not to accept fictitious addresses. I am instructed by bank security policy to ask the following questions, are you a terrorist, sex offender, money launderer or professional athlete?

Customer: No..

Agent: The only option I have is to change your address status to homeless, I must warn you that it may impact your credit rating in a negative way. I suggest you move to a real address as quickly as possible.

Customer: No ... I'm not homeless, could you just leave it at the old address..

Agent: I cannot undo an update sir. Once you are living at a valid address you can call back. Would you like to fix your other record problems now sir?

Customer: My surname, it doesn't have an E.

Agent: That has been corrected sir. I have replaced your surname.

Customer: And I would like to merge my wife's account with mine.

Agent: Your wife's account ID.

Customer: 94839382

Agent: Your wife's security pin id.

Customer: I don't know... Look why don't I just put her on.

Customer: Hi, it's Maureen here, I would like to merge my account with my husbands but I don't know my pin.

Agent: Date of birth?

Customer: 10/9/1975

Agent: I'm sorry that's not right.

Customer: Yes it is.

Agent: No it's not.

Customer: Try 9/10/1975.

Agent: Correct. Favourite province of China.

Customer: I've never been to China.

Agent: Correct. Most embarrassing teenage experience?

Customer: Losing my swimming top in the pool during the school swim meet.

Agent: Right, what can I do for you today?

Customer: I would like to merge my account with my husband.

Agent: My records are showing that you have a different surname..

Customer: I didn't change my name when we got married.

Agent: And you are living at a different address? He is showing up as homeless. The bank will need some evidence that you are married.

Customer: Look, this is ridiculous, you have my security identification and his, it's not up to you to decide whether or not we are married.

Agent: Normally we allow account merges but in this case the target account is flagged as a potential terrorist, sex offender, money launderer or professional athlete due to irregularities in address change requests showing up in his history.

Customer: We have only move house once..

Agent: So you are not at your stated address?

Customer: Well no, I'm at 12 SeaWhack Ave Crichfield

Agent: I am instructed by bank security policy to ask the following questions, are you a terrorist, sex offender, money launderer or professional athlete?

Customer: Well actually two of the four but I don't see how that's any of your business..

Agent: I cannot merge your accounts due to your homeless status and declining credit status, not only doesn't your "husband" have a residential address but he keeps changing his surname..

Customer: Look, my husband wants to talk to you again!

Customer: I have just received a text message telling me that my visa card has been suspended?

Agent: Customer identification number?

Customer: You just spoke to me!

Agent: I have just been speaking to a Maureen O'Sullivan. Unless you are Maureen I will require your Customer identification number?

Customer: Look, this has been one long mistake, how about we just pretend I didn't call today and that I didn't find any mistakes on my record and you can just go back to the old record..

Agent: I'm sorry sir, this conversation has been recorded for training purposes and may even be forwarded around the office for a laugh. I cannot remove this call from our records.

Customer: Could we just go back to our old record? Please?

Agent: I cannot go back to an unclean record. You flagged that record as incorrect on a previous call. Will that be all for today?

Customer: Can I speak to a supervisor..

Agent: I am the supervisor, they made us all supervisors, it streamlined the complaints process. Anything else for today? Would you like to speak to my line manager?

Customer: Yes! Please!

Agent: That's me as well! How can I help you? I'm also my performance manager and my career guidance councilor.

Customer: No .. I think you've done enough. I need to get to a bank to try and get some cash..

Agent: Just a moment sir, yes my branch finder shows your fictitious address is right around the corner from our Chrichfield branch..

Customer: Yes! What street..

Agent: And it wont open for another six months with that being a new area and all. Can I help you with anything else?

Customer: No, please, nothing else.

Agent: Thank you for your business. Goodbye Mr Cockson.