Agent: Thank you for calling Bank of Wealth. My name is Sydney. How can I assist you today?

Customer: I want to report a stolen card. I got drunk, and had lost my wallet last night.

Agent: Oh, I'm so sorry to hear about that, don't worry, we're gonna make sure that we freeze your account, so no one can use your Credit Card, ok?

Customer: Thanks, I hope no one have tried using it.

Agent: Don't worry, we are gonna be alerted right away by our System, if there are any invalid pin attempts on your card. For security purposes, let me just verify your account first, ok?

Customer: Sure, go ahead. What do you wanna ask?

Agent: I need to verify your First and Last Name?

Customer: My name is Park Jae-Sang, but, you can call me "PSY!"

Agent: Thanks, PSY! Wait, Is it just a coincidence that your name is just like the one who created the world famous, "Oppa Gangnam Style"!?

Customer: I'm sorry, that wasn't me. But, since that song became very popular, my friends are now calling me PSY.

Agent: You got me there! Well, I'm sorry, just had to ask that, since, I really love dancing while I'm playing it every morning! But, going back on your card, let me also ask you for your Mother's Maiden Name?

Customer: That's alright, Sydney! It is Wan.

Agent: How about the last four numbers of your Social Security Number?

Customer: It is ****.

Agent: Last, but not the least, may I please verify your complete Billing Address?

Customer: I live in 67489, Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills, CA, 90210.

Agent: Thank you so much for all of the information. I'm now processing the request to freeze your account. Please, grab a pen and paper. Thank you!

Customer: I have it, go ahead!

Agent: As of September 26, 2013 at 5PM Pacific Time, your Credit Card Account is now frozen. You'll get your Card Replacement within the next 3-5 Business Days, Free of Charge. Your Confirmation Number is 787-909-SPNC

Customer: I got it, thanks a bunch, Sydney! You're such a big help!

Agent: You're very much welcome! Is there anything else that I could help you with?

Customer: I guess, that would be all for today. Thanks again! Bye!

Agent: You're welcome! And, again, my name is Sydney! Thank you for calling Bank of Wealth! Good bye!
